[singing voice] Aniplex.
[Shirou] Ow, ow, ow!
‐ [Rin] Now just hold still.
‐ [Shirou groans]
[quietly groans]
There.
We're done.
Thank you.
[Shirou] What are you doing?
I thought I'd make some dinner.
What?
With all of this going on?
Yeah, why not?
We can't come up
with any decent ideas
on an empty stomach, right?
[Shirou] I've done a lot
of thinking...
About why I joined
in the Grail War.
About what I really wanted
to achieve.
Hmm.
And so?
At first it was because I
was dragged into it.
But that's not really why.
[Shirou] I've always
admired heroes
of justice so I need
to protect everyone.
Even if I'm not a master,
or if Saber is gone,
I'm going out
to fight all the same.
Okay.
I see.
[Shirou] Hey, I'm talkin'
serious stuff here.
You think you might pay
a little attention?
Heard every word.
You don't have a problem
with putting yourself in danger
but you simply can't bear it
when other people do
the same thing,
and so you go out to fight
even if you're
not strong enough.
Uh, that pretty much covers it,
I guess.
[Rin] Then what's the deal?
You look like a squirrel
that ate a rock by mistake.
Well, I just didn't think
that you'd be okay with it.
Oh, I don't like the idea.
However, after you swooped in
and saved me like that,
I really can't object to it,
can I?
And also there's the fact that
you'd still fight regardless
of how I felt about it.
So then that would mean
that in all of this,
we're still partners?
[Rin] I suppose.
Anyway, I couldn't sleep knowing
I'd turned you loose
to do everything by yourself.
Besides,
to put it in simple terms,
it's not like I hate you
or anything.
I mean,
as a partner,
and your cooking's pretty good.
So that's how I feel about it,
and you're still okay
with us work together.
Is that right?
[grunts]
I need a refill.
[gasps, chuckles]
[Aimer's "Brave Shine"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Aimer singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Brave shine ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Stay the night ♪♪
♪♪ You save my life ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Your brave shine ♪♪
[Rin] For the moment,
our enemy is Caster.
She's protected by
the close combat fighter Kuzuki
and Archer,
who's on her side now.
Soon enough she's going
to have Saber under her sway,
too.
[Shirou] Yeah.
Once she's got full control
of her,
we're not gonna stand much
of a chance.
You're right about that.
You got any good ideas?
Here's one.
Now, don't get mad.
What do you think about trying
to work with some other masters?
I"m not mad.
I have to admit I
was actually thinking
the same thing.
We still have no idea
who Lancer's master is,
so that's out,
but we just might have
a good shot with Illyasviel.
[Shirou] Well, the first problem
is finding her.
[Rin] I've got a pretty
good idea where to look.
‐ Hmm?
‐ [Rin] A long time ago,
my father told me something‐‐
that there's an estate way out
in the forest where
the Einzberns live.
[Caster] Why does it elude me?
[Kirei] There is no
Holy Grail here.
[Caster] Not true.
He obviously lied to me.
The overseer of the Grail War
would never allow
the catalyst that
is his trump card out
of his sight.
[exhales sharply]
[rain pattering]
[gasping]
[Atrum] My family is fairly new
to the mage's association.
I'm fighting in this Grail War
to win us prestige and glory.
El‐Melloi
didn't take it seriously
in the last one,
but I'm different.
I plan to win this one.
For one thing,
I've invested a great deal
of capital.
[Atrum] Do you think that
a purchase title
will tarnish any accomplishment?
Not at all.
One should always make use
of all the tools available.
[Caster] If you're using wealth
as a weapon,
I expect there's
a strategy behind it.
[scoffs]
Don't get the wrong idea.
I am fully prepared
to overwhelm the other masters
with my mage ability.
Come.
Allow me to demonstrate.
[gasps]
[Caster] I, uh, gather, then,
that this would be
your alchemy workshop?
A family business.
A magic system
that generates mana
using exchange.
It's a primitive curse
that relies on human sacrifice.
This workshop was designed
to modernize that system
and make it much more efficient.
Here, allow me to show you.
[beeping]
It works best when
the raw materials
are still fresh.
[whooshing]
What do you think?
It normally takes a month
to create this
but I can do it in an instant.
Oh, and please don't worry about
the raw materials.
[Atrum] I won't procure them
in Fuyuki.
I always make sure to get them
from another‐‐
[Caster] This
is wildly inefficient.
Wasting all these lives
for such puny crystals.
Work of a third rate mage.
[booming]
[gasping]
[Atrum] What the hell
did you just do?
How can you create mana
from an empty kiln?
[Caster] What do you mean?
Oh, so to the eyes
of you modern mages,
this vessel appears
to be empty?
Your method of generating mana
must be one step‐‐
no, more‐‐
a dimension lower than mine.
W‐‐What?
What about the incantation?
Countless hours designing
this workshop
just to get around that aspect
of mana creation.
The incantation alone,
that takes at least three days
and nights.
[Caster] But I have no need
of incantations.
Magic is simply a power
that responds to my command.
[Atrum shudders]
Please forgive my bluntness,
but I strongly urge
that this workshop
be shut down.
'Caster] It is unwise
to waste lives this way.
As a mage of great proficiency,
I abhor
an unprofessional workshop.
Ah, that is very good to know.
Apparently I didn't quite grasp
what a servant was.
I order you by command seal.
[gasps]
[Atrum] Do not use
your noble phantasm on me.
I have no desire to be stabbed
in the back
by a treacherous witch.
[gasps]
[blow lands]
[both grunting]
[scoffs]
[rain pattering]
[breathing heavily]
[Caster] A witch.
He called me a witch.
Everyone of them calls me
a witch.
[inhales sharply]
[Kirei] Are you telling me
that you can't control Caster?
It's not a question
of using her,
but of trusting her.
Her sense of values
is far different than ours.
She's able to make magic with
the simple wave of her hand.
To her human life
has no more value
than a paper scrap.
[Atrum] She killed a romantic
rival by burning her alive
in her own castle.
It would be crazy to trust her.
I see your point.
[Kirei] If that is how
you interpret the stories
of Princess Medea...
It is my job to accommodate
the masters' wishes
as best I can.
And all the more so,
since you have the backing
of the Mage's Association.
There are five masters who
are currently selected
by the Grail.
For now,
two slots remain open.
I hoped that you would say that.
It would be possible for me
to make a new pact
with a different servant,
then?
It has never been done before
but it is possible.
However, before that...
Something will need
to be done about
the servant with whom
you currently have a pact.
Regardless
of her magical ability,
she's nothing but a vixen with
a keen talent for deception.
I've already laid
the groundwork.
But better safe than sorry,
Father Kotomine.
I'd like you to give this
to Lancer's master.
I think it little enough
to do for a fellow member
of the Mage's Association.
And this is?
[Atrum] Oh,
just a contract assigning
the right to dispose of Caster.
If he accepts,
I'll be rid
of Caster without having
to waste a command seal.
[door creaks open]
[door clangs shut]
[scoffs]
Give this to Lancer's master,
you say?
[elevator dings]
[gasps]
[Atrum] What the hell
did you do?
[Caster] I thought
it would be best
to dismantle your workshop
before I take you
to a more suitably
fortified location.
Dismantle, eh?
And my supplies?
I know I had around 50
of them still in stock.
They were unnecessary
so I released them.
Did you, now?
So tell me.
What's this more
suitable location?
The heart of this ritual.
The place where
the greater Grail rests.
I have found a natural fortress
to keep you safe
from other servants.
You have but to do as I say
and I shall take you to it,
master.
That's not necessary,
because you
are no longer needed.
By this command seal,
kill yourself, Caster.
[gasps]
[Atrum] What the hell's
the problem?
‐ Does it take more than one?
‐ [giggling]
[Atrum] By command seal,
I order you!
Terminate yourself, Caster!
[laughing]
What a foolish master you are.
Have you forgotten the name
of my Noble Phantasm?
[Atrum] Rule Breaker!
But I used a command seal
forbidding you to use it!
Yes, but only against you,
so instead,
I used it on myself in order
to undo our little pact.
[gasps]
I‐‐Impossible!
To you servants,
that's tantamount
to committing suicide!
You won't be able to maintain
your physical form anymore!
Perhaps,
and what of that?
You are on the verge
of losing your life,
so why should that concern you?
[Atrum shouting]
[lighter flicks]
[shouts]
[shouting]
[panting]
What is this?
What's going on?
I refuse to go out like this!
[gasping]
The Grail War
hasn't even begun yet!
I haven't fought
a single battle!
Not like this!
[panting]
[grunting]
[Caster] Yes.
Perfect end for a man
who celebrated victory
before he ever started.
You treacherous,
evil witch.
[gasps]
I feel hot.
[elevator dings]
[gasps]
[exhales sharply]
Hmm.
[grunts]
[exhales sharply]
[rain pattering]
[laughing]
So in the end I will die
like this again?
Passed around from hand
to hand,
exploited,
reviled as a traitorous witch?
All I wanted‐‐
all I wished...
[Caster] Was to return
to my homeland once more.
Huh?
[Souichirou] What has happened
to you?
[Caster] You are willing
to believe such a story?
[Souichirou] I can't think
of a purpose served
by your lying to me.
Is there one?
A reason why you would wish
to deceive me?
Rather you are the one
with no reason
to help some
blood‐covered stranger.
[Souichirou] Rest here tonight.
We will speak in the morning so
that I may learn more about you.
[gasps]
[Souichirou]
Have you calmed down?
If you have,
we should begin.
You mean you were willing?
You said that for you
to survive a vessel is needed.
If I were to become your master,
that would be
the opportunity you need.
Or am I wrong?
Just a while longer
and the Holy Grail
will be in my hand.
[birds chirping]
[Rin] I guess we'll have
to pin our hopes
on Illyasviel.
Berserker is not exactly what
you'd call a big fan of Caster.
Is there some connection
between Caster and Berserker?
[Rin] Yes, Archer told me.
He said Berserker's
true identity is Hercules.
If Caster really is the great
and powerful witch Medea,
then they would have started
when they met on the Argo.
Kinda like how Kirei sets
me off by just breathing.
Everybody has someone that just
rubs them the wrong way.
[gasps]
Shirou, would you mind walking
out ahead a little bit?
Yeah, I guess so.
[sizzling]
[shouts]
What was that?
I knew it.
Looks like the Einzberns have
the whole forest
under surveillance.
[Shirou] If that's so
it means we just set off
their burglar alarm.
I don't think it's really
a problem.
We didn't come here
to launch an attack.
Just to talk to her.
[Rin] So this way she'll know
we don't intend
to start anything.
I get it.
Well, be careful, okay?
It's got a bit
of a bite to it.
Don't worry.
I got it.
[sparks]
[screams]
[grunts]
[Shirou] Uh...
[Rin groans]
That little twerp's
pissed me off now!
I heard you laugh just now!
I know I heard you laughing!
[Illyasviel laughs]
Got her good
with my little trap.
Rin is just so much fun
to play with.
She'll never give you anything
but honest reactions.
Although, I wonder if they'll
make it here all right.
[Illyasviel] Maybe I ought
to disable a few of the traps.
Mistress, really.
You're not actually serious
about allowing those people
to come in?
Well, of course.
Why wouldn't I?
They just said they're only
coming here to talk.
[Illyasviel] And besides...
I need to ask Shirou
a few things.
Listen to yourself!
Don't be a worry wart, Sella.
Even if they were planning
on something,
they're certainly no match
for Berserker.
While that may be true,
mistress,
I am solidly against it!
Stop, please!
I decided!
I'm lord of the castle.
You're supposed to do as I say!
If you are lord of the castle,
that's all the more reason
to drive them off!
[Sella] You are
the Einzbern princess.
They must be properly invited
to attend
an appropriate evening
soiree here with the rest‐‐
Sella, you're being stubborn.
Also, you're a little off
with your metaphor.
[both grumbling]
Oh, all right then.
Have you come
to your senses now?
Okay, you two can just go out
and get them.
Mistress?
I want you to catch them
and bring them here!
[inhales and exhales sharply]
[screaming]
[whimpering]
[groaning]
[Shinji] That jerk,
dragging me along with him into
this crap!
And just where the hell am I?
Is this really
where Berserker is?
That is not Shirou.
No, a harmless,
irritating little fly.
Let's deal with him
and be on our way.
[gasping]
[Shinji] Ah, good.
Are you two maids
of the Einzbern household?
Well, that's convenient.
So, take me to Berserker's‐‐
[screams]
[shuddering]
Hold your tongue, invader.
We have no time
for more uninvited guests.
Either you can jump
from the battlements
to escape or you can fall victim
to this weapon.
You have ten seconds to decide.
‐ Nine, eight, seven, six..
‐ Oh! No, w‐‐w‐‐w‐‐wait!
‐ Five, four...
‐ Hold on a second!
‐ Are you nuts?
‐ [Leysritt] Three, two, one.
[gasps]
I was wondering who was here.
A pair of homunculi.
[scoffs]
Nicely made, too.
Even though you are only human
in shape,
you almost function as well
as real ones.
[Gilgamesh] Oh, they used a fine
mold when they made you.
‐ Sella, he's incredibly strong.
‐ I can sense it.
See to the mistress
and don't worry about me.
Oh now,
don't be afraid.
I forgive your disrespect,
assuming it came from fear.
You should leave now
if you value your lives.
I'll give you ten seconds
in appreciation
for allowing my master
to escape.
[Sella] That boy is your master?
Then there is no way we can do
as you ask.
Our purpose is to protect
the mistress
from all outside threats.
At first I took you for a king
but a man who reeks of blood
as you do cannot be allowed
to pass.
Is that so?
Then like these flowers,
you will fall.
I expect that the Grail's vessel
will come running when she hears
your many screams.
You called her
the Grail's vessel?
‐ Then you are Illya's enemy!
‐ [gasps]
Shirou is coming here
to the castle,
where Mother lived.
[squelching]
[gasps]
[whimpers]
‐ Leysritt, no!
‐ [gasps]
These mages never learn,
do they?
[Gilgamesh] You should never
give a human heart to a doll.
Humans are simply not capable
of equaling your pure loyalty.
[Sella gasping]
As long as I can draw breath...
You won't go near the mistress.
Really?
[Gilgamesh] Then be proud you
did not break your word.
[whimpers]
[blow lands]
[gasping]
[booming]
[gasps]
[Illyasviel] Leys!
Sella!
I gather you are the doll
that was made
to be the Grail's vessel.
The crossing of a human being
and a homunculus
has spawned a bit
of an oddity, I see.
You killed them for no reason.
Kill him now!
This instant, right now!
Kill him, Berserker!
[scoffs]
[Gilgamesh] You heard her.
I'm right here.
[growls]
[Gilgamesh] Toying with you
just might relieve me
of a little of my boredom!
Tell me what you think of this.
Let's you and I reenact
a battle of legend!
[Kalafina's "Ring Your Bell"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Kalafina singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Ring your bell ♪♪